refactor: simplecommand - use fetch instead resolve (#529)
oceanroleplay/discord.ts: docs/docs/decorators/commands/simplecommandoption.md

  }
```

## User instance inside DM only

> You will receive `ClientUser` if the user mentions the bot in DM. If the user mentions himself/herself, You will receive a `User`. Otherwise `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will receive `ClientUser` if the user mentions the bot in DM. If the user mentions himself/herself, You will receive a `User`. Otherwise, you'll receive an error.
```
